TypedAPI: First version of documentation (#509)
elastic/go-elasticsearch: .doc/typedapi/conventions/endpoints.asciidoc

[source,go]
-----
res, err := es.Search().Index("index_name").AllowPartialSearchResults(true).Do(context.Background())
-----

If parameters are needed for the specific endpoint you are using, those will be present as arguments in the same order as the API:

[source,go]
------------------------------------
es.Create("index_name", "doc_id").Do(context.Background())
------------------------------------

Otherwise, you can find them within the builder:

[source,go]
------------------------------------
es.Search().Index("index_name").Do(context.Background())
------------------------------------

Alternatively each endpoint can be instantiated directly from its package:

[source,go]
------------------------------------
transport, err := elastictransport.New(elastictransport.Config{})
res, err = search.New(transport).Do(context.Background())
------------------------------------

The `Do` method takes an optional `context`, runs the request through the transport and returns the results as well as an error.

> For body-empty endpoints such as `core.Exists`, an additional method `IsSuccess` is available. As the `Do` method it takes an optional `context`, will drain and close the body if needed and will return a boolean alongside and error.

Reviewer: Nit. Some suggestions to improve the readability of the sentence.

```suggestion
For body-empty endpoints such as `core.Exists`, an additional method `IsSuccess` is available. As the `Do` method, it takes an optional `context`, drains and closes the body if needed, and returns a boolean alongside an error.
```
